# Interesting Moments

1) [prompt.7c0354b1](context/design/concepts/SongRecommender/concept-improvement.md/steps/prompt.7c0354b1.md) I found that asking ctx to be more critical led to more helpful feedback when iterating on my concepts: [response.09d6ddf7](context/design/concepts/SongRecommender/concept-improvement.md/steps/response.09d6ddf7.md)
2) [20251014_005834.44314f3b](context/design/concepts/Posts/concept-improvement.md/20251014_005834.44314f3b.md) ctx helped me realized that the view action in my Post concept should be moved to a query and explained why. This was helpful for me draw a finer line between actions and queries.
3) [20251014_010955.e1142c4f](context/design/concepts/Post/testing.md/20251014_010955.e1142c4f.md) At the bottom of this prompt, I attached the LikertSurvey implementation instead of my Post implementation as context. Surprisingly, ctx was still able to produce relevant and correct tests for the concept.
4) In general, the LLM was able to one-shot all of my tests. I was surprised that little iteration was needed for testing, as it covered detailed edge cases that I did not think of myself. The only iteration that was needed was improving the console logs to be more clear what it was doing. I used this prompt often to include emojis for clarity in my tests. [prompt.fed92ac7](context/design/concepts/Ranking/testing.md/steps/prompt.fed92ac7.md)
5) I understand salting passwords as a concept, but the cryptography packages needed to implement this were hard to use. I turned to ctx to fix the type errors that I was getting when implementing the UserAuthentication concept. I don't fully understand this error, but it is more clear to me than if ctx hadn't given this response. [response.e6beef2f](context/design/concepts/UserAuthentication/testing.md/steps/response.e6beef2f.md)

# Design Changes

Overall, there were little overarching design changes of the app. Most design changes were concept-level modifications that made the concepts adhere more to principles of concepts. Summaries of the changes can be found in the [README](README.md).

The one large design change that was made was the removal of the friending concept. When I think about what I want this app to be, I think of it as a place to share music rankings with everyone. Users should have the courage to display their rankings publicly. This leads to a more open environment where users are encouraged to defends their takes, and these differences in opinions can lead to interesting discussion.

I realized that from my previous assignment that I was missing a user authentication concept. This concept is so common that it completely slipped my mind. However, this concept is crucial for security on the app. We wouldn't want a random person modifying our personal rankings. And thus, for the reasons above, I exchanged the friending concept for the user authentication concept.